everybody it is ass early I woke up
early even for me today
so let's get after it this isn't Austin
impact Theory being in a bubble there is
a whole world of hyper successful
entrepreneurs for whom it's not enough
to have made a ton of cash they really
want to do something
[Music]
all right boys and girls who's up with
me I like to juxtapose what I do with
the physicality getting tired out of
breath high exertion and follow it
immediately with meditation so you're
literally doing gas and brake so this is
all about exciting my nervous system
just you know going to exhaustion going
to literal fatigue so that you can hit
that calm creative state fast yours
here's the deal uh this guy is the
Wizard of creating massive community and
influencers to create extraordinary
impact what he did with quest I'm here
learning at the knee of this incredible
manner my goal is to build the community
of people with whom I can talk about
abundance next potential change and
really transform their thinking and
realize that the stronger I am and the
stronger he is the better is for each of
us so we have just made a challenge to
see who gets to three million first yes
you guys got to help me man we got to
beat this guy come on this is gonna be
awesome
I love this challenge so let's get after
I got so many robots so yeah I have to
admit I'm all right brother three
million let's do it our buddy he's very
very religious on what heat thank you it
is 11:30 I get to eat this amazing meal
that my wife has prepared for me so I
have a thing called bright lines and to
make that up I read that somewhere and I
thought it was incredibly powerful and
what bright lines is is basically I eat
at 11:30 period that's it that's the
time that I eat I don't need before it
so even though my wife brought it to me
at like 11 Oh two or three
I don't need till 11:30 people often
asked like how do you build discipline
it's little stupid stuff like this it's
like having your food and being starving
by the way I'm so hungry you can't
imagine
hello how you doing well you did a
really good job of explaining it I'll
just give a little more color so like
you said that when we did quest our goal
there was really to end metabolic
disease it was find a way to make food
that people could choose based on taste
and it happened to be good for them and
it's the notion of trying to leverage
behavior instead of change it you know
we know that people eat for pleasure
much more than the for sustenance which
is what gets people into trouble and so
we wanted to address that by giving
people food that they could love eating
and that it didn't have to you know
healthy living didn't have to be all
about sacrifice
[Music]
all right well thank you so much have a
great day
so now you got to put the last-minute
touches on our prep here but we also
have a call before the episode so this
is where it starts to get fantastic okay
cool
well then until this call I'm gonna head
phone up here and get a bit more prep
done
[Music]
all right and that call my friends is
the perfect illustration of why it
matters who you partner with I cannot
say this enough it matters who you
partner with watching what the Vayner
team has been doing from afar has been
incredible and seeing how they're really
integrating themselves with the
platform's getting access to early
opportunities and that is the biggest
reason that I wanted to partner with
Vayner talent was they're integrated
into the platforms they've been they've
spent the last decade plus building
relationships with these people and so
they were able to get access to things
that other people just can't so find the
people in your industry that you can
partner with the very powerful effect
because rather than try to build
everything yourselves find somebody that
already specializes in that that thinks
the way that you think and can help you
really leapfrog your success and push
you forward far more rapidly than you
can do by yourself
[Music]
all right today's guest is the
quintessential rags to riches story he
was born to immigrant parents grew up
hard on the streets of East LA and
drifted in and out of biker gangs but
ultimately took himself from homeless to
self-made multi-billionaire John Paul
DeJoria was fire from the moment he sat
down like this guy's a pro he knows what
he's doing he knows how to really give
people the juice of how he's done what
he's done which is absolutely incredible
to have to mega-hits as an entrepreneur
is just it puts you in such rarefied
company it's incredible and for him to
be spending as much time and attention
on giving back and trying to help the
next generation do what he did and do it
in the right way do it in a way where
you can feel good all along the way that
you can feel like you're contributing
and making the world better that is a
lesson unfortunately I had to learn the
hard way after essentially kicking
myself in the face for almost a decade
just chasing money this is somebody that
really understands that there's a lot
more to it than that but he can
articulate it and that's what made it so
much fun so that was totally effortless
on my part he was a lot of fun super
gracious so that was a good one that was
one to remember
oops that way
don't go anywhere I'll back up this very
lighting on you there you go
[Music]
but where do most people spend their
time where do most people apply their
energies obsessively focusing on what's
wrong all right overall today was
awesome I have had a lot of fun
excited for you guys to see that episode
I think John Paul DeJoria is just an
incredible incredible human being and
now I'm off to dinner y'all
gotta go who's
you